We represent a funding group (HAccelerator) chartered to create applications for the benefit of health-care across the country. The project we currently want to make a reality will be called HealthNet. At its core, HealthNet is meant to enable hospitals in the US to be able to manage both employees and patients. The successful implementation should make it easy for users to easily sign-up as patients so that the hospital can easily manage everything in their day-to-day work-flow.
The HealthNet product is intended to improve hospitals by providing an easy mechanism for managing employees, gathering statistical data on the inner workings of the hospital, signing up patients, making appointments, and allowing ease of transfer of both patients and their information between hospitals. 

We want a product whose emphasis is on ease of use, whose navigation is straightforward and where the status of any, and all, information shown is clearly displayed. Ultimately, a system where understanding and communication about hospital and patient matters is improved. 
We will look for your iterative delivery of working product with core functionality in early releases and refinements and UI efficiencies in later stages.
Your team will be expected to ask questions and to provide technical and product guidance throughout the entire project. You will be in charge of all aspects related to project management and responsible for the production of timely and professional documentation.  We welcome your ideas and suggestions. However, unless otherwise stated, or negotiated, the requirements we have set forth constitute an expectation for final product. It is your responsibility to make sure the entire team understands these from the beginning. Again, if there is ever any need of clarification do not hesitate or delay in reaching out to us.
As part of our exchanges we would like you to show steady forward progress and will demand visibility to your work. We have recommended a set of tools, roles and responsibilities for your team members to adhere to and look forward to your scheduling meetings for you to update us on your project’s evolution.

